I will never forget when I first [music]
met Gavin Baker. It was early days of
the podcast and he was one of the first
people I talked to about markets outside
of my area of expertise which at the
time was quantitative investing about
the incredible passionate experience
that he's had investing [music] in
technology across his career. I find his
interest in markets, his curiosity about
the world to be about as infectious as
any investor that I've ever come across.
He is encyclopedic on what is going on
in the world of technology [music]
today. and I've had the good fortune to
host him every year or two since that
first meeting [music] on this podcast.
In this latest conversation, we talk
about everything that interests Gavin.
We talk about Nvidia, Google and its
TPUs, the changing AI landscape, the
changing math and [music] business
models around AI companies. This is a
life ordeath decision that essentially
[music] everyone except Microsoft is
failing it. We even discussed the crazy
idea of data centers in space which he
communicates with his usual passion and
logic.
>> In every [snorts] way, data centers in
space from a first principles
perspective are superior to data centers
on earth. Because Gavin is one of the
most passionate thinkers [music] and
investors that I know, these
conversations are always amongst my most
favorite. I hope you enjoy this latest
in a series of [music] discussions with
Gavin Baker.
I would love to talk about how you like
in the nitty-gritty process new things
that come out in this whole like AI
world because it's happening so
constantly. I'm extremely interested in
it and I find it very hard to keep up
and I you know I have a couple blogs
that I go read and friends that I call
but like maybe let's take Gemini 3 as
like a recent example when that comes
out. What like literally like take me
into your office like what are you
doing? How do you and your team process
an update like that given how often
these things are happening?
>> I mean, I think the first thing is you
have to use it yourself.
>> And I would just say I'm amazed at how
many famous and August investors are
reaching really definitive conclusions
about AI. Well, no, based on the free
tier.
>> The free tier is like you're dealing
with a 10-year-old
>> and you're making conclusions about the
10-year-old's capabilities as an adult.
And you could just pay and I do think
actually you do need to pay for the
highest tier whether it's Gemini Ultra,
you know, um, Super Grock, whatever it
is, you have to pay the $200 per per
month ti whereas those are like a
fullyfledged 30 35y old. It's really
hard to extrapolate from an eight or a
10-year-old to the 35y old and yet a lot
of people are doing that. And the second
thing is there was a insider post about
open AI and they said to a large degree
open AI runs on Twitter vibes
>> and I just think AI happens on X and you
know there have been some really
memorable moments like there was a giant
fight between the PyTorch team at Meta
and the Jax team at Google on X and the
leaders of each lab had to step in
publicly say [laughter]
>> no one from my lab is allowed to say bad
things about the other lab and I respect
them and that is the end of that.
>> Yeah,
>> the companies are all commenting on each
other's posts. You know, the research
papers come out. You know, if on planet
Earth there's 500 to a,000 people who
really really understand this and are at
the cutting edge of it and a good number
of them live in live in China. Um I just
think you have to follow those people
closely
>> and I think there is incredible signal
to me. Everything in AI is just
downstream
>> of those people.
>> Yeah. Everything Andre Carpathy writes,
you have to read it three times.
>> Yeah.
>> Minimum.
>> Yeah. He's incredible.
>> And then I would say anytime at one of
those labs, the four labs that matter,
you know, being uh OpenAI, Gemini,
Anthropic, and XAI, which are clearly
the four leading labs. Like anytime
somebody from one of those labs goes on
a podcast, I just think it's so
important to listen. And then for me,
for me, one of the best use cases of AI
is to keep up with all of this. You
know, just like listen to a podcast and
then if there are parts that I thought
were interesting, just talk about it
with AI. And I think it's really
important to like have as little
friction as possible, I'll bring it up.
You know, I have it like um you know, I
have I can either press this button and
pull up Gro or I have this.
>> Oh, wow. I don't touch that. That just
get brings it right up.
>> Yeah, it brings it right up. What do you
think of Patrick Oanaughy?
>> Oh man, Patrick Oshanaugh is one of my
favorite voices in investing. His Invest
Like the Best podcast is straight fire.
Does deep dives with folks like Bill
Gurly or
>> Girly? [laughter] Yes.
>> It's so Can you believe we have this?
>> I know. It's like we have Yeah. I think
somebody said on on on X, you know, like
we imbued these rocks with crazy spells
and now we can summon super intelligent
genies
on our phones over the air. You know,
it's crazy
>> crazy.
>> So something like Gemini come 3 comes
out, you know, the public interpretation
was, oh, this is interesting. It seems
to say something about scaling laws and
the pre-training stuff. What is your
frame on like the state of prog general
progress in frontier models in general?
Like what are you watching most closely?
>> Yeah. Well, I do think Gemini 3 was very
important because it showed us that
scaling laws for pre-training are
intact. They, you know, stated that
unequivocally and that's important
because no one on planet Earth knows how
or why scaling laws for pre-training
work. It there it's actually not a law.
It's an empirical observation and it's
an empirical observation that we've
measured extremely precisely and has
held for a long time. But our
understanding of scaling laws for
pre-training and maybe this is a little
bit controversial with 20% of
researchers but probably not more than
that is kind of like the ancient British
people's understanding of the sun are
the ancient Egyptians understanding of
the sun. They can measure it so
precisely that the east west axis of the
great pyramids are perfectly aligned
with the equinoxes and so are the east
axises of Stonehenge. Perfect
measurement.
>> But they had they didn't understand
orbital mechanics. They had no idea how
or why, you know, it, you know, rose in
the east, set in the west, and, you
know, kind of moved across the horizon.
>> The aliens.
>> Yeah. Our god in a chariot. And so it's
really important every time we get a
confirmation of that.
>> Um, so Gemini 3 was very important in
that way. But I'd say I think there's
been a big misunderstanding maybe in the
public equity investing community or the
broader more generalist community based
on the scaling laws of pre-training.
There really should have been no
progress in 24 and 25.
>> And the reason for that is, you know,
after XAI figured out how to get um
200,000 hoppers coherent,
>> you had to wait for the next generation
of chips.
>> Um because you really can't get more
than 200,000 hoppers coherent. And
coherent just means you could just think
of it as each GPU knows what every other
GPU is thinking. They kind of are
sharing memory. You know, they're
connected. They scale up networks and
scale out. and um and they have to be
coherent um for during the pre-training
process. And I think there's a lot of
misunderstanding about Gemini 3 that I
think is really important. So everything
in AI has a struggle between Google and
Nvidia and Google has a TPU and Nvidia
has their GPUs and each of I mean Google
only has a TPU and they use a bunch of
other chips for networking. You know
Nvidia has the full stack and Blackwell
was delayed. Blackwell was Nvidia's next
generation chip and
the first iteration of that was the
Blackwell 200. A lot of different SKs
were cancelled and the reason for that
is it was by far the most complex
product transition we've ever gone
through in technology. Going from Hopper
to Blackwell, first you go from air
cooled to liquid cooled. Um the rack
goes from weighing round numbers 1,000
lb to 3,000 lb. goes from round numbers
30 kilowatts which is 30 American homes
to 130 kilowatts which is 130 American
homes you know. So I I analogize it to
imagine if to get a new iPhone you had
to change all the outlets in your house
to you know 220 volt put in a Tesla
power wall put in a generator put in
solar panels that's the power you know
put in a whole home humidification
system and then reinforce the floor
because you know the floor can't handle
this. So it was a huge product
transition and then just the rack was so
dense it was really hard for them to get
get the heat out. So Blackwells have
only really started to be deployed and
really scaled deployments over the last
3 or 4 months. Had reasoning not come
along, there would have been no AI
progress
from mid 2024
through essentially Gemini 3. there
would have been none. Everything would
have stalled and can you imagine what
that would have meant to the markets
like for sure we would have lived in a
very different environment. So reasoning
kind of bridged this like 18month gap.
Reasoning kind of saved AI because it
let AI make progress without Blackwell
or the next generation of TPU which were
necessary for the scaling laws for
pre-training to continue. The reason
we've had all this progress, maybe we
could show like the ARC AGI slide where
you had, you know, you went from 0 to 0
to 8 over four years, 0 to 8%
intelligence
>> and then you went from 8% to 95% in 3
months when the first reasoning model
came out from OpenAI is, you know, we
have these two new scaling laws of post-
training, which is just reinforcement
learning with verified rewards. Verified
is such an important concept in AI. Um,
like one of Karpathy's great things was
with software, anything you can specify,
you can automate. With AI, anything you
can verify, you can automate. It's such
an important concept and I think an
important distinction. And then test
time compute. And so all the progress
we've had, and we've had immense
progress um, since October 24th through
today was based entirely on these two
new scaling laws. And Gemini 3 was
arguably the first test since Hopper
came out of the scaling law for
pre-training and it held. And that's
great because all these scaling laws are
multiplicative. So now we're going to
apply these two new um reinforcement
learning with verified rewards and test
time compute um to much better base
models. Google came out with the TPU v6
in 2024 and the TPU v7 in 2025.
And in semiconductor time, it's like
almost like imagine like Hopper is like,
you know, it's like a World War II era
airplane. And it was by far the best
World War II era airplane. It's P-51
Mustang with the Merlin engine. And two
years later in semiconductor time,
that's like,
>> you know, you're an F4 Phantom. Okay.
[laughter]
Because Blackwell was such a complicated
product and so hard to ramp, Google was
training Gemini 3 on 24 and 25 era TPUs,
which are like F4 Phantoms. Like
Blackwell, it's like an F-35.
>> It just took a really long time to get
it going.
>> So, I think, you know, Google for sure
has this temporary advantage right now.
Um, from a pre-training perspective, I
think it's also important that they've
been the lowest cost producer of tokens.
Okay. And this is really important
because AI is the first time in my
career as a tech investor that being the
lowcost producer has ever mattered.
Apple is not worth trillions because
they're the lowcost producer of phones.
Microsoft is not worth trillions because
they're the low lowcost producer of
software. Nvidia is not worth trillions
cuz they're the lowcost producer of AI
accelerators. It's never mattered. And
this is really important because what
Google has been doing has the lowcost
producer is they have been I would say
sucking the economic oxygen out of the
AI ecosystem which is an extremely
rational strategy for them and for
anyone who's a lowcost producer you know
let's just let's make life really hard
for our competitors. Um and so what
happens now I think this has pretty
profound implications. One, we will see
the first models trained on Blackwell in
early 2026.
>> Y
>> I think the first Blackwell model will
come from XAI. And the reason for that
is just it's a according to Jensen, no
one builds data centers faster than
Elon. Yes, Jensen has said this on the
record. Even once you have the
Blackwells, it it takes 6 to9 months to
get them performing at the level of
Hopper
>> cuz the Hopper is finally tuned.
Everybody knows how to use it. The
software is perfect for it. engineers
know all its quirks. You know, everybody
knows how to architect a Hopper data
center at this point. And by the way,
when Hopper came out, it took 6 to 12
months for it to really outperform AER,
which was generation before. So, if
you're Jensen or Nvidia, you need to get
as many GPUs deployed in one data center
as fast as possible in a coherent
cluster so you can work out the bugs.
And so this is what XAI effectively does
for Nvidia because they build the data
centers the fastest. They can deploy,
you know, black wells that scale the
fastest and they can help work with
Nvidia to work out the bugs for everyone
else. So because they're the fastest,
they will they'll have the first
Blackwell model. We know that scaling
laws for pre-training are intact and
this means the Blackwell models are
going to be amazing. Blackwell is um I
mean it's not an F35 versus an F4
Phantom, but from my perspective it is a
better chip, you know, maybe it's like
an F-35 versus a Raphael. [laughter] And
so now that we know pre-scaling holding,
we know that these Blackwell models are
going to be really good.
>> And you know, kind of based on the raw
specs, they should probably be better.
>> Then something even more important
happens.
>> So the GB200 was really really it was
really hard to get a coin. Um,
the GB300
is a great chip. It is drop in
compatible in every way with those GB200
racks. Now, you're not going to replace
the GB200s. No new power walls. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Just any data center that can
handle those. You can slot in the
GB300s. And now everybody's good at
making those racks and you know how to
get the heat out. You know how to cool
them.
>> You're going to put those GB300s in and
then the companies that use the GB300's,
they are going to be the lowcost
producer of tokens.
particularly if you're vertically
integrated. If you're paying a margin to
someone else to make those tokens,
you're probably not going to be. I think
this has pretty profound implications
because it ch I think it has to change
Google's strategic calculus. If you have
a decisive cost advantage and you're
Google and you have search and all these
other businesses, why not run AI at a
negative 30% margin?
>> It is by far the rational decision. You
take the economic oxygen out of the
environment. You eventually make it hard
for your competitors who need funding
unlike you to raise the capital they
need. And then on the other side of
that, maybe have an extremely dominant
share position. Well, all that calculus
changes once Google is no longer
>> the lowcost producer, which I think will
be the case. The black wells are now
being used for training. And then when
the that model is trained then you shift
you start shifting blackwell clusters
over to inference and then all these
cost calculations and these dynamics
change
>> and I do think it's this it's very
interesting like during the strategic
and economic calculations between the
players. I've never seen anything like
it. You know everyone understands their
position on the board, what the prize
is, you know what play their opponents
are running. Um, and it's really
interesting to watch. So, I just think
if Google changes its behavior, cuz it's
going to be really painful for them as a
higher cost producer to run that
negative 30% margin, it might start to
impact, you know, their stock. That has
pretty profound implications for the
economics of AI. And then when Reuben
comes out, we'll know the gap the gap is
going to expand significantly
>> versus TPUs.
>> Versus TPUs and and all other AS6. Now,
I think tranium 3 is probably going to
be pretty good. train for are going to
be good.
>> Why is that the case? Why why won't TPU
v8 V9 be every bit as good?
>> A couple of things. So one um for
whatever reason um Google made more
conservative design decisions.
I think part of that is so Google round
numbers Google like let's say the TPU
Google is so there's front end and back
end of semiconductor design and then
there's you know uh dealing with Taiwan
semi. You can make an ASIC in a lot of
ways. What Google does is they do mostly
the front end for the TPU and then
Broadcom does the back end and manages
Taiwan mean everything. It's a crude
analogy but like the front end is like
the architect of a house.
>> Yep.
>> They design the house. The back end is
the person who builds the house and the
managing Taiwan Simmyi is like stamping
out that house like LAR or you know Dr.
Horton and for doing those two ladder
parts broadcoms a 50 to 55% gross
margin. We don't know what on TPUs.
Okay, let's say in 2027
TPU I think it sits estimates maybe
somewhere around 30 billion again who
knows I mean
>> yeah yeah yeah but I 30 billion I think
is a reasonable estimate 50 to 55% gross
margins so Google is paying Broadcom $15
billion
>> okay that's a lot of money
>> and at a certain point it makes sense to
bring a semiconductor program entirely
in house so in other words Apple does
not have an ASIC partner for their chips
>> they do they do the front end themselves
the back end and they manage Taiwan semi
and the reason is they don't want to pay
that 50% margin so at a certain point it
becomes rational to renegotiate this and
just as perspective the entire opex of
Broadcom's semiconductor division is
round numbers $5 billion so it would be
economically rational now that Google's
paying if it's 30 billion we're paying
them 15 Google can go to every person
who works in Broadcom Smi double their
comp
>> and make an extra extra 5 billion. You
know, in 2028, let's just say it does 50
billion. Now it's 25 billion. You could
triple their comp. And by the way, you
don't need them all.
>> Yeah.
>> And and of course, they're not going to
do that because of competitive concerns.
>> But with TPUv8,
all of this and V9, all of this is
beginning to have an impact because
Google is bringing in MediaTek. This is
maybe the first way you send a warning
shot to Broadcom. were really not happy
about
>> all this money we're paying
>> but they did bring MediaTek in and the
Taiwanese ASIC companies have much lower
gross margins so this is kind of the
first shot against the bow and then
there's all this stuff people say oh but
has the best certiscom
has really good certis and certis is
like an extremely foundational
technology because it's how the chips
communicate with each other you have to
serialize and do serialize but there are
other good certis providers in the world
a really good certis is not at a certain
Maybe it's worth 10 or 15 billion a
year, but it's probably worth about
worth 25 billion a year. So because of
that friction, um, and I think
conservative design choices on the part
of Google and maybe the reason they made
those conservative design choices is
because they were going to a bifurcated
supply. You know, TPU is slowing down. I
would say has kind of the GPUs are
accelerating. This is the first, you
know, the com the competitive response
of Lisa and Jensen to everybody saying
we're gonna have our own ASIC is, hey,
we're just going to accelerate. We're
going to do do a GPU every year and you
cannot keep up with us. And then I think
what everybody is learning is like, oh
wow, that's so cool. You made your own
accelerator has an ASIC. Wow, what's the
nick going to be? What's the CPU going
to be? You know, what's the scaleup
switch going to be? What's the scaleup
protocol? What's the scale out switch?
what kind of optics are you going to
use? What's the software that's going to
make all this work together? And then
it's like, oh [__] I made this tiny
little chip and you know, like whether
it's admitted or not, like you know, I'm
sure the GPUs don't GPU makers don't
love it when their customers make AS6
and try and compete with them
>> and like whoops
what what did I do? I thought this was
easy. How do you know? And it also it
takes at least three generations to make
a good chip like the TP TPU V1. I mean
it was an achievement and that they made
it.
>> Yeah.
>> Um it was really not till TPU V3 or V4
that the TPU started to become like even
vaguely competitive.
>> Is that just a classic like learning by
doing thing
>> 100%.
>> Yeah. And even if you've made like the
first from my perspective, the best ASIC
team at any semiconductor company is
actually the Amazon ASIC team.
>> You know, they were the first one to
make the gravitron CPU. They have this
nitro. Um it was the first, it's called
Supernick. They've been extremely
innovative, really clever. And like
Tranium and Infantry One, you know, they
maybe they're a little better than the
TPUV1, but only a little. Trannium 2,
you get a little better. Trium 3 it's I
think the first time it's like okay and
then you know I think tradeium 4 will
probably be good. I will be surprised if
there are a lot of AS6 other than
tranium and TPU
>> and by the way and tranium and TPU will
both run on customerowned tooling at
some point. We can debate when that will
happen but the economics of success that
I just described mean it's inevitable.
Like no matter what the companies say,
just the economics make it and reasoning
from first principles make it absolutely
inevitable.
>> If I were to zoom all the way out on
this stuff, because sometimes I just
it's I I find these details unbelievably
interesting and it's like the grandest
game that's ever been.
>> That's what I mean. It's crazy.
>> It's so crazy and so fun to follow.
Sometimes I forget to zoom out and say,
"Well, well, so what?" Like, okay, so
project this forward three generations
past Reuben or whatever. What what is
like the global human dividend of all
this crazy development? Like we keep
making the loss lower on these, you
know, pre uh pre pre-training scaling
models like who cares? Like it's been a
while since I've asked this thing
something that I wasn't kind of blown
away by the answer for me personally.
What are the next couple of things that
all this crazy infrastructure war allows
us to unlock because they're so
successful? If I were to posit like an
event path, I think the Blackwell models
are going to be amazing. The dramatic
reduction in per token cost enabled by
the GB300 and probably more the MI450
than the MI355, you know, will lead to
these models being allowed to think for
much longer, which means they're going
to be able to, you know, do new things.
Like I was very impressed Gemini 3 made
me a restaurant reservation.
>> It's the first time it's done something
for me. And I mean, other than like go
research something and teach me stuff,
>> but you know, if you can make a
restaurant reservation, you're not that
far from being able to make a hotel
reservation and an airplane reservation
and order me an Uber and
>> all of a sudden you got an assistant.
>> Yeah. And you can just imagine,
everybody talks about that, but you can
just imagine it's on your phone. I think
that's that's pretty near-term, but you
know, it's you know, it's some big
companies that are very tech forward.
you know 50% plus of customer support is
already done by AI and that's a $400
billion dollar industry and then if you
know what AI is great about is
persuasion that's sales and customer
support
>> and so of the functions of a company if
you think about them them they're to
make stuff sell stuff and then support
the customers so right now maybe you're
in late 26 you're going to be pretty
good at two of them um I do think it's
going to have a big impact on media like
I think robotics you know we talked
about the last time are going to finally
start to be real. You know, there's an
explosion in kind of exciting robotic
robotic startups. I do still think that
the main battle is going to be between
uh Tesla's Optimus and the Chinese
because, you know, it's easy to make
prototypes. It's hard to massproduce
them. But then it goes back to that what
Andre Karpathy said about AI can
automate [clears throat] anything that
can be verified. So any function where
there's a right or wrong answer, a right
or wrong outcome, you can apply
reinforcement learning and make the AI
really good at that. Yeah.
>> What are your favorite examples of that
so far or theoretically?
>> Does the model balance? They'll be
really good at making models. Does you
know do all the books globally
reconcile? They'll be really good at
accounting because it you know was you
know double entry bookkeeping. It has to
balance. There's a verifiable you got it
right or wrong supporter sale. Did you
make the sale or not? That's very clear.
I mean that that's that's just like
AlphaGo.
>> You know, did you win or you lose? Did
the guy convert or not? Did the customer
ask for an escalation during customer
support or not?
>> It's like it's most important functions
are important because they can be
verified,
>> right? So I think if all of this starts
to happen and starts to happen in in in
like there'll be an ROI on Blackwell and
then all this will continue
>> and then we'll have Reuben and then
that'll be another big quantum of spin
Reuben and the MI450 and the TPU V9 and
then I do think just the most
interesting question is what are the
economic returns to artificial super
intelligence because all of these
companies in this great game they've
been in a prison prisoners dilemma.
They're terrified that if they slow
down,
>> they're just gone forever.
>> And their competitors don't, it's an
existential risk. And you know,
Microsoft blinked for like six weeks
earlier this year.
>> Yeah.
>> And like I I think they would say they
regret that.
>> Yeah.
>> But with Blackwell and for sure with
Reuben, economics are going to dominate
the prisoners dilemma from a decision-m
and spending perspective just because
the numbers are so big. And this goes to
kind of the ROI on AI question. And the
ROI on AI has
empirically, factually, unambiguously
been positive.
>> Like I just always find it strange that
there's any debate about this because
the largest biders on GPUs are public
companies. They report something called
audited quarterly financials. And you
can use those things to calculate
something called a return on invested
capital. And if you do that calculation,
the ROIC of the big public spenders on
GPUs is higher than it was before they
ramp spinning. And you could say, well,
part of that is, you know, opex savings.
Well, at some level that is part of what
you expect the ROI to be from AI. And
then you say, well, a lot of is actually
just applying GPUs, moving the big
recommener systems that power the
advertising and the recommendation
systems from CPUs to GPUs, and you've
had massive efficiency gains. And that's
why all the revenue growth at these
companies has accelerated. But like, so
what? the ROI has been there. Um, and it
is interesting like every big internet
company,
>> the people who are responsible for the
revenue
>> are intensely annoyed at the amount of
GPUs that are being given to the
researchers.
>> It's a very linear equation. If you give
me more GPUs, I will drive more revenue.
Give [clears throat] me those GPUs,
we'll have more revenue, more gross
profit, and then we can spend money. So,
it's this constant fight at every
company. One of the factors in the
prisoners dilemma is everybody has this
like religious belief that we're going
to get to ASI and at the end of the day
what do they all want? Almost all of
them want to live forever. Okay. And
they think that ASI is going to help
them that
>> right good return.
>> That's a [laughter] good return. But we
don't know. And if as humans we have
pushed the boundaries
of physics, biology and chemistry, the
natural laws that govern the universe.
I'm very curious about your favorite
sort of throw cold water on this stuff
type takes that you think about
sometimes. One would be like the things
that would cause I'm curious what you
think the things that would cause this
demand for compute to change or even the
trajectory of it to change. There's
there's one really obvious bare case and
it is just edge AI and it's connected to
the economic returns to ASI. in three
years on a bigger and bulkier phone to
fit the amount of DRAM necessary, you
know, and the battery won't probably
last as long, you will be able to
probably run a pruned down version of
something like Gemini 5 or Gro 4, Gro
4.1 or you know, Chat GPT at um
I don't know 30 60 tokens per second
>> and then that's free. And this is
clearly Apple's strategy. It's just
we're going to be a distributor of AI
>> and we're going to make it privacy safe
and run on the phone and then you can
call one of the big models, you know,
the the god models in the cloud whenever
you whatever you have a question. And if
that happens, if like 30 to 60 tokens at
like a one whatever it is a 115 30 60
tokens a second at a 115 IQ is good
enough.
I think that's
>> a bare case
>> other than just the scaling laws break,
you know. But in terms of if we assume
scaling laws continue and we now know
they're going to continue for
pre-training for at least one more
generation and we're very early in the
two new scaling laws you know for post-
training mid-training RLVR whatever
people want to call it and then test
time computed inference we're so early
in those and we're getting so much
better at helping the models hold more
and more context in the in their minds
as they do you know this test time
compute and that's really powerful
because you know everybody's like well
you know the how's the model going to
know this? Well, eventually if you can
hold enough context, you can just hold
every Slack message and Outlook message
and company manual in in a company in
your context.
>> Yeah.
>> And then you can compute the new task
>> and compare it with your knowledge of
the world, what you think, what the
model thinks, all this context. And you
know, it may be that like, you know, in
just really really long context windows
are the solution to a lot of the current
limitations. Um, and that's enabled by
some all these cool tricks like KV cash
offload and stuff. But I do think like
other than scaling laws slowing down,
other than there being low economic
returns to ASI, edge AI is to me by far
the most plausible and scariest bare
case.
>> I like to visualize like different
S-curves. invested through the iPhone
and I love to like see the visual of the
iPhone models as it as it sort of went
from this clunky bricky thing up to the
what we have now where like each one's
like a little bit, you know, obviously
we we've sort of petered out on its form
factor. If you if you picture something
similar for the Frontier models
themselves, does it feel like a like
it's at a certain part of that of that
natural technology paradigm progression
to you? If you're paying for Gemini
Ultra or Super Grock and you're getting,
you know, the good AI, it's hard to see
differences. Like, I have to go really
deep on something like, do you think PCI
Express or Ethernet is a better protocol
for scale up networking and why? Show me
the scientific papers. And if you shift
between models and you ask a question
like that where you know it really
deeply,
>> know that then
>> you know the answers. Yeah. then you see
differences. I do play fantasy football.
Um, winnings are donated to charity,
>> but it is like, you know, these new
models are quite a bit better at helping
like who should I play?
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and and they they think in
much more sophisticated ways.
>> Um, and by the way, if you're if you're
a historically good fantasy football
player and you're having a bad season,
it's why this is why because you're
[clears throat] not using it, you know.
And I think we'll see that in more and
more domains. But I do think they are
already at a level where unless you are
a true expert or just have an intellect
that is beyond mind
>> um it's hard to see um the progress and
that's why I do think we need to shift
from getting more intelligent to more
useful
>> unless more intelligence starts leading
to these massive scientific
breakthroughs and we're curing cancer in
26 and 27. Yeah,
>> I don't know that we're going to be
curing cancer, but I do think from a ROI
almost an ROIS curve, we need to kind of
hand off from intelligence to usefulness
>> and then usefulness will then have to
hand off to scientific breakthrough, you
know, just that creates whole new
industries.
>> What are the building blocks of
usefulness in your mind?
>> Just being able to do things
consistently and reliably. And a lot of
that is keeping all the context. Like
there's a lot of context if someone
wants to plan a trip for me. Like you
know I've I've acquired these strange
preferences. Like I follow that guy
Andrew Huberman. So I like to have an
east facing balcony so I can get morning
sun. You know the AI has to remember,
you know, being on a plane with Starlink
is important to me. Okay. Here are the
resorts I've historically liked. Here
are the kinds of areas I've liked. Here
are the rooms that I would really like
at each. That's a lot of context and to
keep all of that and kind of weight
those it's a hard problem. So I think
context windows are a big part of it.
You know, there's this meter task
evaluation thing like
>> how long it can work,
>> how long it can work for. And you could
think of that being related and in some
way to to context. Um although not
precisely, but that just task length
needs to keep expanding because you know
booking a restaurant and booking is
economically useful but you know it's
not that economically useful. But
booking me an entire vacation and
knowing the preferences of my parents,
my sister, my niece, and my nephew, and
what it means that like that's a much
harder problem. And that's something
that like a human might spend three or
four hours on optimizing that. And then
if you can do that, that's that's
amazing. But then again, I just think it
it has to be good at sales and customer
support relatively soon. I do think
we're going to see an kind of an
acceleration in the awesomeness of
various products just because engineers
are using AI to make products better and
faster.
>> We both invested in Forell, the hearing
aid company, which is just absolutely
remarkable. I think something I never
would have thought of.
>> And we're going to see I think something
like that in every vertical and that's
AI being used for the most core function
>> Yeah. of any company which is designing
the product and then it will be you know
there's already lots of examples of AI
being used to help manufacture the
product and distribute it more
efficiently you know whether it's
optimizing a supply chain you know
whether it's you know having a vision
system watch a production line you know
so I I think a lot of stuff is happening
the other thing I think is really
interesting in this whole ROI part is
Fortune 500 companies are always the
last to adopt a new technology they're
conservative they have lots of
regulations lots of lawyers Startups are
always the first. So let's think about
the cloud which was the first which was
the last like really truly kind of
transformative new technology for
enterprises. Being able to you know do
have all of your um compute and the
cloud and use SAS. So it's always
upgraded. It's always great etc. etc.
You can get it on every device. I mean
it's those were dark days before the
cloud. You know
>> the first AWS reinvent I think it was in
2013. Every startup on planet Earth ran
on the cloud.
>> Yeah. The idea that you would buy your
own server and storage box and router
was ridiculous. And that probably
happened like even earlier that that had
probably already happened before the
first reinvent. And then like you know
the first big Fortune 500 companies
started to standardize on it like maybe
5 years later. You see that with AI I'm
sure you've seen this in your startups
and I think one reason VCs are more
broadly bullish on AI than public market
investors is VCs see very real
productivity gains. There's all these
charts that for a given level of
revenue, a company today has
significantly lower employees than a
company of two years ago.
>> And the reason is AI is doing a lot of
the sales, the support and helping to
make the product. And I mean there is,
you know, Iconic has some charts. A6Z,
by the way, David George is a good
friend, great guy. You know, he has his
model busters thing. So there's very
clear data that this is happening. So
people who have a lens into the world of
venture see this. And I do think it was
very important in the third quarter,
this is the first quarter where we had
Fortune 500 companies outside of the
tech industry give specific quantitative
examples of AIdriven uplift. So C
Robinson went up something like 20% on
earnings. And should I tell people what
C Robinson does?
>> Let's just say a truck goes from, you
know, Chicago to Denver. And then, you
know, the trucker lives in Chicago. So
it's going to go back from Denver to
Chicago. There's an empty load. And CH
Robinson has all these relationships
with these truckers and trucking
companies and they match shippers demand
with that empty load supply to make the
trucking more efficient. You know,
they're a freight forwarder. You know,
there's there's there's actually lots of
companies like this, but kind of they're
the biggest and most dominant. So, one
of the most important things they do is
they quote price and availability. So,
somebody a customer calls them up and
says, "Hey, I urgently need three
18-wheelers from Chicago to Denver." You
know, in the past they said it would
take them, you know, 15 to 45 minutes
and they only quoted 60%
of inbound requests. With AI, they're
quoting 100% and doing it in seconds.
>> And so they printed a great quarter and
the stock went up 20% and it was because
of AIdriven productivity that's
impacting the revenue line, the cost
line, everything. And so I actually
think that's pretty important because I
was I was actually very worried about
like the idea that we might have this
Blackwell ROI air gap because we're
spending so much money on Blackwell.
Those Blackwells are being used for
training and there's no ROI on training.
Training is you're making the model. The
ROI comes from inference. So I was
really worried that you know we're going
to have
>> you know maybe this threequarter period
where the capex is unimaginably high.
>> Those black wheels are only being used
for training bars staying flat eyes
going up.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And so ROIC goes
down and you can see like Meta Meta they
printed you know because Meta has not
been able to make a frontier model. Meta
printed you know a quarter where ROIC
declined and that was not good for the
stock. So I was wor really worried about
this. I do think that those data points
are important in terms of suggesting
that maybe we'll be able to navigate
this potential air gap and ROIC.
>> Yeah it makes me wonder about in this
market I'm like everybody else. It's the
10 companies at the top that are all the
market cap more than all of the
attention. There's 490 other companies
500. You studied those too. Like what
what do you think about that group? Like
what what is interesting to you about
the group that now nobody seems to talk
about and no one really seems to care
about because they don't they haven't
driven returns and they're a smaller
percent of the overall.
>> Well, I think that people are going to
start to care if you have more and more
companies print these CH Robinson like
quarters that companies that have
historically been really wellrun.
The reason like they have a long track
record of success is they have a long
you cannot succeed without using
technology well and so if you have a
kind of internal culture of
experimentation and innovation I think
you will do well with AI
>> you know so like I would bet on the best
investment banks to be early
you know earlier and better adopters of
AI than maybe some of the trailing banks
you know just sometimes
past prologue one thing that I strong
opinion I
you know, all these VCs are setting up
these holding companies and, you know,
we're going to use AI to make
traditional businesses better and, you
know, they're really smart VCs and
they're great track records. But that's
what private equity has been doing for
50 years.
>> You're just not going to beat private
equity at their game.
>> What Vista did in the early days, right?
>> Yeah. Private equity's maybe had a
little bit of a tough run. You know,
just multiples have gone up. Now,
private assets are more expensive. The
cost of financing has gone up. It's
tough to take a company public because
the public valuation is 30% lower than
the private valuation. So PE's had a
tough run. I actually think these
private equity firms are going to be
pretty good at systematically applying
AI. We haven't spent much time talking
about meta, anthropic or open AI. And
I'd love just like your impression on
everything that's going on in this
infrastructure side that we talked
about. These are three really important
players in this in this grand battle,
this grand this grand game. How does all
of this development that we've discussed
so far impact those players specifically
do you think? The first thing let me
just say about frontier models broadly.
>> Yeah.
>> You know in in 2023 and 24 I was fond of
quoting Eric Visria and Eric Fishria's
statement our friend um brilliant man
and Eric would always say foundation
models are the fastest appreciating
assets in history.
>> And I would say he was 90% right. I
modified the statement. I said
foundation models without unique data
and internet scale distribution are the
fastest appreciating assets in history.
But reasoning fundamentally changed that
in a really profound way. There was a
loop, a flywheel to quote Jeff Bezos
that it was at the heart of every great
internet company and it was you made a
good product, you got users, those users
using the product generated data that
could be fed back into the product to
make it better. And that flywheel has
been spinning at Netflix, at Amazon, at
Meta, at Google, you know, for over a
decade. And that's an incredibly
powerful flywheel. And it's why those
internet businesses were so tough to
compete with. It's why they were
increasing returns to scale. You
everybody talks about network effects
much more and you know network effects
are they were important for social
networks. I I don't know to what extent
meta is a social network anymore. It's
more like a content distribution
>> but they just had increasing returns to
scale because of that
>> flywheel. And that dynamic was not
present in the pre-reasoning world of
AI. You pre-trained a model, you let it
out in the world, and it was what it
was. And it was actually pretty hard.
They would do RLHF, reinforcement
learning with human feedback, and you
try and make the bot model better, and
maybe you'd get a sense from Twitter
vibes that people didn't like this, and
so you tweak it, and you know, there
were the little up and down arrows, but
it was actually pretty hard to feed that
back into the model. with reasoning.
It's early but that flywheel has started
to spin and that is really profound for
these frontier labs. So one reasoning
fundamentally changed the industry
dynamics of Frontier Labs. just explain
why specifically that is like what what
what is going on
>> because if a lot of people are asking a
similar question and
they're consistently either liking or
not liking the answer, then you can kind
of use that like that as a verifiable
reward. That's a good outcome. And then
you can kind of use feed those good
answers back into the model. and we're
very early at this flywheel spinning
>> like it's hard to do now,
>> but you can see it beginning to spin.
>> So, this is important fact number one
for all of those dynamics. Second,
>> I think it's really important that Meta,
you know, Mark Zuckerberg at the
beginning of this year in January said,
you know, I anticipate, you know, I'm
highly confident, I'm going to get the
quote wrong, that at some point in 2025,
we're going to have the best and most
performant AI. I don't know if he's in
the top hundred. Okay,
>> so he was as wrong as it was possible to
be. And I think that is a really
important fact because it suggests that
what these four companies have done is
really hard to do because Meta threw a
lot of money at it and they failed.
Yamakun had to leave. They had to have
the famous billion dollar for AI
researchers. And by the way, Microsoft
also failed. They did not make such an
unequivocal prediction but they hire but
they bought um inflection AI and you
know there were a lot of comments from
them that we anticipate our internal
models quickly getting better and we're
going to run more and more of cop you
know our AI on our internal models
>> Amazon they bought a company called
Adept AI
>> they have their models called Nova
>> no I don't think they're in the top 20
>> so clearly it's much harder to do than
people thought a year ago and there's
many many reasons for that like it's
actually really hard to keep a big
cluster of GPUs coherent. A lot of these
companies were used to running their
infrastructure to optimize for cost
>> right
>> instead of performance
>> complexity and performance
>> complexity and keeping the GPUs
running at high utilization rate in a
big cluster. It's actually really hard
and there are wild variations in how
well companies run GPUs.
>> Yeah. And if you're running if the most
anybody because the laws of physics, you
know, maybe you can get two or 30
hundred,000 black wells coherent, we'll
see. But if you have 30% uptime on that
cluster and you're competing with
somebody who has 90% uptime,
>> you're not even competing. So one,
there's a huge spectrum in how well
people run GPUs. Two, then I think there
is, you know, these AI researchers, they
like to talk about taste. I find it very
funny. You know, oh why do you make so
much money? I have very good taste. You
know what taste means is you have a good
intuitive sense for the experiments to
perform. And this is a this is is why
you pay people a lot of money because it
actually turns out that as these models
get bigger, you can no longer run an
experiment on a thousand GPU cluster and
replicate it on 100,000 GPUs. You need
to run that experiment on 50,000 GPUs
and maybe it takes, you know, days.
>> And so there's a very high opportunity
cost. And so you have to have a really
good team that can make the right
decisions about which experiments to run
on this. And then you need to do, you
know, all the reinforcement learning
during post- training well and the test
time compute. Well, [__] complicated.
>> It's really hard to do. And everybody
thinks it's easy, but all those things,
you know, I used to have this saying
like, hey, I was a retail analyst long
ago. Pick any vertical in America. If
you can just run a thousand stores and
have them clean, well lit, stocked with
relevant goods at good prices and
staffed by friendly employees who are
not stealing from you, you're going to
be a $20 billion company, a $30 billion
company. Like 15 companies have been
able to do that. It's really hard. And
it's the same thing. Doing all of these
things well is really hard.
and then reasoning with this flywheel.
This is beginning to create more
separation.
>> And what's even more important, every
one of those labs, XAI, Gemini, OpenAI,
and Enthropic, they have a more advanced
checkpoint
internally of the model. Checkpoint is
just um you're kind of continuously
working on these models and then you
release kind of a checkpoint and then
the reason these models get fast
>> the one they're using internally is for
>> better and they're using that model to
train the next model
>> and if you do not have
>> that latest checkpoint it's
>> you're behind
>> you're it's getting really hard to catch
up. Chinese open source is a gift from
God to meta
>> because you can use Chinese open source
>> to try and that can be your checkpoint
and you can use that
>> as a way to kind of bootstrap this and
that's what I'm sure they're trying to
do and everybody else. Um the big
problem and the big a giant swing factor
I think China's made a terrible mistake
with this rarest thing you know I think
China because you know they have the
Huawei Asin and it's a decent chip and
verse something you know like you know
the the deprecated hop preserving
something it looks okay so they're
trying to force Chinese open source to
use their Chinese chips uh their
domestically designed chips. The problem
is Blackwell is going to come out now
and the gap between these American
frontier labs and Chinese open source is
going to blow out because of Blackwell
and actually DeepSeek in their most
recent technical paper v3.2 said like
one of the reasons we struggle to
compete with the American Frontier Labs
is we don't have enough compute. That
was their very politically correct,
still a little bit risky way of saying,
you know, cuz China said, "We don't want
the black wells, right?" And they're
saying, "Guys, that might be a big
mistake. That might be a big mistake."
And so, [snorts] if you just kind of
play this out, these four American labs
are going to start to widen their gap
versus Chinese open source, which then
makes it harder for anyone else to catch
up because that gap is growing. So, you
can't use Chinese open source to
bootstrap. And then geopolitically,
China thought they had the leverage.
They're going to realize, oh, whoopsy
daisy. We do need the black wells. And
unfortunately, they'll probably for them
um they'll probably realize that in late
26. And at that point, there's an
enormous effort underway. DARPA has
there's all sorts of really cool DARPA
and DoD programs to incentivize really
clever technological solutions for rare
earths, you know, like using enzymes to
refine them or there's all sorts of
really cool things happening, you know,
and then, you know, there's a lot of
rare earth deposits in countries that
are very friendly to America that, you
know, don't mind actually refining it in
the, you know, traditional way. So, I
think rare earths are going to be solved
way faster than anyone thinks. You know,
they're obviously not that rare. They're
just misnamed. they're rare because, you
know, they're really messy to refine.
And so geopolitically, I actually think
Blackwell is pretty significant. Um, and
it's going to give America a lot of
leverage as this gap widens. And then in
the context of all of that, going back
to the dynamics between these companies,
XAI will be out with the first Blackwell
model and then they'll be the first ones
probably using Blackwell for inference
at scale. And I think that's an
important moment for them. And by the
way, it is funny like um you know if you
go on open router you can just look they
have dominant share now open router is
whatever it is it's 1% of of API tokens
but it's an indication
>> they process 1.35 trillion tokens Google
did like eight or 900 billion this is
like whatever it is last 7 days or last
month you know anthropic was at 700
billion like XAI is doing really really
well and the model is fantastic I highly
recommend it but you'll see XAI you know
come out with this open AAI will come
want faster. OpenAI's
issue that they're trying to solve with
Stargate is because they pay a margin to
people for compute
>> and maybe the people who run their
compute are not the best at running
GPUs. They are a high-cost producer of
tokens. Um, and I think this kind of
explains a lot of their
>> code red recently.
>> Yeah. Well, just the 1.4 $4 trillion in
spending commitments. And I think that
was just like, hey, they know they're
going to need to raise a lot of money.
Um, particularly if Google keeps its
current strategy of sucking the economic
oxygen out of the room and, you know,
you go from 1.4 trillion rough vibes
code red like pretty fast, you
[laughter] know, and the reason they
have a code red is because of all these
dynamics. So then they'll come out with
a model but they will not have fixed
their per token cost disadvantage yet
relative to both XAI and Google and
almost and anthropic at that point.
Anthropic is a good company. You know
they're burning dramatically less cash
than openai and growing faster. So I
think you have to give anthropic a lot
of credit and and a lot of that is their
relationship with Google and Amazon for
the TPUs and the trainiums. And so
Anthropic has been able to benefit from
the same dynamics that Google has. I
think is very indicative in this great
game of chess. You know, you can look at
Daario Jensen maybe have taken a few
there have been a few public comments,
you know, that were, you know, made
between them.
>> Jousting,
>> a little bit of jousting. Well,
Anthropic just signed the $5 billion
deal with Nvidia.
>> That [clears throat] is because Daario
is a smart man and he understands these
dynamics about Blackwell and Rubid
relative to TPU. And so Nvidia now goes
from having two of the fighters,
two fighters, XAI and OpenAI to three
fighters. So that that helps in this
Nvidia vers Google battle. And then if
Meta can catch up, that's really
important. And so I'm I am sure Nvidia
is doing whatever they can to help Meta,
you know, whatever. Like let us you're
running those GPUs this way. May maybe
we should maybe we should twist the
screw this way or turn the dial that way
and then it will be also if Blackwell
comes back to China which it seems like
it probably will happen that will also
be very good because then Chinese open
source will be back. What other I'm I'm
always so curious about the polls of
things like one poll would be the other
breakthroughs that you have your your
mind on things in the data center that
aren't chips that we've talked about
before as as one example. I think the
most important thing that's going to
happen in the world in this world in the
next 3 to four years is data centers in
space
>> and this has really profound
implications for everyone building a
power plant or a data center on planet
earth. Okay. And there is a giant gold
rush into this.
>> I haven't heard anything about this so
please.
>> Yeah. You know it's like everybody
thinks like hey AI is risky you know uh
but you know what I'm going to build a
data center. I'm going to build a power
plant that's going to do a data center.
We will need that. But if you think
about it from first principles, data
centers should be in space. Okay.
What are the fundamental inputs to
running a data center? There are power
and there are cooling
>> and then there are the chips.
>> That's like the total if you think about
it from a total cost perspective.
>> Yeah. And just the the inputs to making
the tokens come out of the magic
machines.
>> Yeah.
So in space you can keep a satellite in
the sun 24 hours a day
>> and the sun is 30% more intense. You
know you can keep it in the sun just
because like if the sun's here's this
you know you can have the satellite you
know always kind of catching
>> catching the light
>> catching the light. The sun is 30% more
intense and this results in six times
more irradiance in outer space than the
high than on planet earth. So you're
getting a lot of solar energy. Point
number one. Point number two, because
you're in the sun 24 hours a day, you
don't need a battery. And this is a
giant percentage of the cost. So the
lowest cost energy um available in our
solar system is solar energy and space.
Okay. Second, for cooling in one of
these racks, a majority of the mass and
the weight is cooling.
>> And the cooling in these data centers is
incredibly complicated. You know, I
mean, the HVAC, the CDUs, the liquid
cooling.
In space, cooling is free. You just put
a radiator on the dark side of the
satellite.
>> It's [__] gold.
>> And it's [laughter] as close to absolute
zero as you can get.
>> So, all that goes away and that is a
vast amount of cost. Okay, let's think
about um how this these, you know, maybe
each satellite is kind of a rack. It's
one way to think of it. Maybe some
people make bigger satellites that are
three racks. Well, how are you going to
collect connect those racks? Well, it's
funny. In the data center, the racks are
over a certain distance um connected
with fiber optics. And that just means a
laser going through a cable. The only
thing faster than a laser going through
a fiber optic cable is a laser going
through absolute vacuum. So, if you can
link these satellites in space together
using lasers, you actually have a faster
and more coherent network than in a data
center on Earth. Okay, for training
that's going to take a long time
>> just because it's so big.
>> Yeah, just because it's so big. But for
inference, but I think even training
will eventually happen. But then for
inference, let's think about the user
experience when I when we asked when you
know when I asked Gro about you and it
gave the nice answer. A radio wave
traveled from my cell phone to a cell
tower. Then it hit the base station,
went into a fiber optic cable, went to
some sort of metro aggregation facility
in New York, probably within like, you
know, 10 blocks of here. There's a small
little metro router that's routed those
packets to a big XAI data center
somewhere. Okay? And then the
computation was done and it came back
over the same path. [gasps]
If the satellites can communicate
directly with the phone and Starlink has
demonstrated directto cell capability,
you just go boom boom. [laughter] It's a
much better lowerc cost user experience.
So in every way data centers in space
from a first principles perspective are
superior to data centers on earth.
>> So if we could teleport that into
existence, I understand that that
portion. What are the frictions to that?
H like why will that not happen? And is
it launch cost? Is it launch
availability?
>> I mean, we need a lot of the space
starships. Like the Starships are the
only ones that can eomically make that
happen.
>> We need a lot of those Starships. Um,
you know, maybe China or Russia will be
able to land a rocket. Blue Origin just
landed a booster. It's an entirely new
and different way to think about SpaceX.
And it is interesting that you know Elon
posted yesterday or said in an interview
>> that Tesla, SpaceX and XAI kind of
converging
>> were converging and they really are. So
XAI will be the intelligence module for
Optimus made by Tesla with Tesla vision
has its you know perception system and
then you know SpaceX will have the data
centers in space that will will you know
power a lot of the AI presumably for XAI
and Tesla and the Octopuses and a lot of
other companies and it's just it is just
interesting the way that they're
converging and each one is kind of
creating competitive advantage for the
other you know so it's if If you're XAI,
it's really nice that you have this
built-in relationship with Optimus and
now, you know, Tesla's a public company,
so there's going to be like I cannot
imagine the level of vetting that will
go into that intercomp agreement, you
know, and then you have a big advantage
with these data centers in space. Um,
and then it's also nice if you're XAI
that you have two companies with a lot
of customers who you can use to help
build your customer support agents, your
customer sales agents with kind of
built-in customers. So, they really are
all kind of converging um in a neat way.
And I do think like it's going to be a
big moment when that first Blackwell
model comes out from XAI next year. Hm.
If I go to the other end of the spectrum
and I think about something that seems
to have been historically endemic to the
human economic experience that uh
shortages are always followed by gluts
in capital cycles. What [clears throat]
if in this case um the shortage is
compute like Mark Chen now is on the
record as saying they would consume 10x
as much compute if you gave it to them
in like a couple weeks. So so like there
seems to still be a massive shortage of
compute which is all the stuff we've
talked about today. But there also just
seems to be this like iron law of
history that gluts follow shortages.
What do you think about like that
concept as it relates to this
>> technology be a glut?
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and AI is fundamentally
different than the software just in that
every time you use AI takes compute in a
way that traditional software just did
not. I mean it is true like I think
every one of these companies could
consume 10x more compute. Like what
would happen is just the $200 tier would
get a lot better. the free tier would
get like the $200 tier. Google has
started to monetize AI mode with ads
>> and I think that will give everyone else
permission to introduce ads into the
free mode and then that is going to be
an important source of ROI you know like
>> seems like OpenAI is tailor made to
>> Yeah. Absolutely. All of them and
actions like you know hey
>> you know here are your three vacations
would you like me to book one and then
they're for sure going to collect a
commission. Yeah.
>> You know here's you know there there
there's many ways you can make money. I
think we went into great detail on
maybe a prior podcast about how just
inventory dynamics made these inventory
cycles inevitable in semis. Um, and the
iron law of semis is just that customer
buffer buffer inventories have to equal
lead times. And that's why you got these
inventory cycles historically. We
haven't seen a true capacity cycle in
semis maybe arguably since the late 90s.
And that's because Taiwan Smi has been
so good at aggregating
and smoothing supply.
And a big problem in the world right now
is that Taiwan semi is not expanding
capacity as fast as their customers
want. And I think this is actually a
pretty big this they're they're in the
process of making a mistake just because
you know you do have Intel and with
these fabs and they're not as good and
it's really hard to work with their PDK
but now you have this guy Leapoo who's
who's a really good executive um and
really understands that business. I mean
by the way Patrick Elsinger I think was
was also a good executive and he put
Intel on the only strategy that could
result in su success and I actually
think it's shameful that the Intel board
fired him when they did it. But Leapoo
is a good executive and now he's reaping
the benefits of Patrick's strategy and
Intel has all these empty fabs and
eventually
given the shortages we have of compute
those fabs are going to be filled.
>> So I think Taiwan Sim is in the process
of making a mistake but they're just so
paranoid about an overbuilt. Yeah.
>> And they're so skeptical. You know
they're the guys who met with Sam Alman
and laughed and said he's a podcast bro.
He has no idea what he's talking about.
You know [laughter]
they're terrified of an overbuild. So it
may be that Taiwan Simei
singlehandedly that they're cautious
>> the breaks on the bubble
>> is is is is the governor um and you know
and we do like I think you know I think
governors are good it's good that you
know it's good that power is a governor
it's good that Taiwan sim is a governor
if Taiwan semi opens up at the same time
when you know data centers in space
relieve all power constraints but that's
like I don't know five six years away
that data centers in space or majority
of deployed megawatt like yeah I think
you get it overbuild really fast but
just we have these two really powerful
natural governors
>> and I think that's good you know like
smoother and longer is good
>> we haven't talked about the power other
than alluding to it through the space
thing haven't talked about power very
much power was like the most
uninteresting topic because there's the
de demand and nothing really changed for
like a really really long time all of a
sudden we're trying to figure out how to
get like gigawatts here there and
everywhere how do you think about are
you interested in powers
>> I'm very interested I do feel lucky in a
prior life I was the sector leader for
the telecom and utilities team. [snorts]
>> Okay,
>> I I do have some base level of
knowledge. So one, you know, having um
having watts as a constraint is like
really good for the most advanced
compute players because if watts are the
constraint,
>> the price you pay for compute is
irrelevant. The TCO of your compute is
absolutely irrelevant because if you
could get 3x or 4x or 5x more tokens per
watt, that is literally three or 4x or
5x more revenue.
And so, you know, it's just like if
you're going to build a like, okay, like
an advanced data center costs 50
billion. A data center with your ASIC
maybe costs 35 billion, but if that $50
billion revenue, if that $50 billion
data center pumps out 25 billion of
revenue and your ASIC data center at 35
billion is only pumping out 8 billion,
well, like you're, you know, you're
pretty bummed. It's good for like all of
the most advanced
technologies in the data center which is
exciting to me as an investor. So as
long as power is a governor the best
products are going to win irrespective
of price and have crazy pricing power.
Okay, I think that's that's the first
implication that's really important to
me. Second, it is in the only solutions
to this. We just can't build nuclear
fast enough in America. Like as much as
we would love to build nuclear quickly,
we just can't. We just can't. Yeah,
>> it's just too hard, you know. Um, NEPA,
all these rules, like it's just it's too
hard. Like a a rare ant that we could
move and it could be in a better
environment can totally delay the
construction of a nuclear power plant.
You know, one ant. [laughter] It's crazy
actually. Um, like humans need to come
first. We need to have a humanentric
view of the world. But like the
solutions are natural gas and solar. And
the great thing is the great thing about
these AI data centers is apart from the
ones that you're going to do inference
on, you can locate them anywhere. So I
think you were going to see and you're
this is why you're seeing all this
activity in Abalene, you know, because
it's in the middle of a big natural gas
basin and we have a lot of natural gas
in America because of fracking. You I
think we we're going to have a lot of
natural gas for a long time. We ramp
production really fast. So I think this
is going to be solved. You know, you're
going to have power plants fed by gas or
solar. I think that's the solution. And
you know, you're already, you know, all
these turbine manufacturers were
reluctant to expand capacity.
Caterpillar just said, "We're going to
increase capacity by 75% over the next
few years." So like the system on the
power side is beginning to respond. One
of the reasons that I always so love
talking to you is that you do every like
you do as much in the top 10 companies
in the world as you do looking at brand
new companies with, you know,
entrepreneurs that are 25 years old
trying to do something amazing. And so
you have this very broad sense of what's
going on. If I think about that second
category of young enterprising
technologists who now are like AI,
they're like kind of the first
generation of AI native entrepreneurs.
What are you seeing in that group that's
notable or surprising or interesting?
>> These young CEOs, they're just so
impressive in all ways and they get more
polished faster. And I think the reason
is is they're talking to the AI.
>> How should I deal with pitching this
investor? I'm meeting with Patrick
Oanaughy. What What do you think the
best ways I should pitch him are?
>> Yeah. And it works.
>> Do a deep research. And it's good. You
know, hey, I have this difficult HR
situation.
>> How would you handle it?
>> That's correct.
>> And it's good at that. How would you,
you know, we're struggling to sell our
product. What changes would you make?
And it's really good at all of that
today.
And so, and that goes to these, you
know, VCs are seeing massive AI
productivity in all their companies.
It's because their companies are full of
these, you know, 23, 24 or, you know,
even younger AI natives. I've been so
impressed with like young investment
talent
>> and it's just part of it. Like your
podcast is part of that. There's just,
you know, knowledge and very very
specific knowledge has became so
accessible, you know, through podcasts
and the internet. Impressive young
people
>> come in and they're just I feel like
they're where I was as an investor like
in my, you know, early 30s and they're
22 and I'm like, "Oh my god,
>> like I have to run so fast [laughter] to
keep up." these kids who are growing up
native in AI, they are just proficient
with it um in a way that I am trying
really hard to become.
>> Can we talk about semi VC specifically
and like what is interesting in that
universe?
>> Oh, just the one thing I just think that
I just think is so cool about it and so
underappreciated is your average
semiconductor venture founder is like 50
years old.
>> Okay. and Jensen and what's happened
with Nvidia and the market cap of Nvidia
has like singlehandedly
ignited semiconductor venture but the
way it's ignited it's ignited in an
awesome way that's like really good for
actually Nvidia and Google and everyone
>> is like let's just say you were the best
DSP architect in the world you had made
for the last 20 years every two years
because that's what you have to do
semiconductors it's like every two years
you have to win run a race
>> and if you won the last race you start
like a foot ahead
>> and over time those compound um and make
each race easier to win but like maybe
that person and his team maybe he's the
head of networking at a big public
company he's making a lot of money and
he has a good life and then because he
sees these outcomes and the size of the
markets in the data center he's like wow
why don't I just go start my own company
but the reason that's important is that
you know I forget the number but I mean
there are thousands of parts in a
blackwell rack and you know and there's
thousands of parts in a TPU rack And in
the Blackwell rack, you know, maybe
Nvidia makes,
I don't know, two two or 30 hundred of
those parts. And, you know, same thing
in an AMD rack. And they need all of
those other parts to accelerate with
them. [clears throat]
>> So, they couldn't go to this one-year
cadence if the rest everything was not
>> keeping up with them. The fact that
semiconductor venture venture has come
back with a vengeance, you know, Silicon
Valley stopped being Silicon Valley long
ago. My little firm maybe has done more
semiconductor deals in the last seven
years than the top 10 VCs combined, you
know, but that's really really important
because now you have an ecosystem of
companies who can keep up and then that
ecosystem of these venture companies is
putting pressure on the public companies
that are also need to part of part of
this if we're going to go to this annual
cadence which is just so hard. Um, and
it's one reason I'm really skeptical of
these AS6 that don't already have some
degree of success. So, I do think that's
a super super important dynamic and one
that's
absolutely foundational and necessary
for all of this to happen
>> because not even Nvidia can do it alone.
Not AMD can't do it alone. Google can't
do it alone. You need, you know, the
people who make the transceivers. You
need the people who make the wires, who
make the back blades, you know, who make
every who make the lasers. They all have
to accelerate with you. And one thing
that I think is very cool about AI as an
investor is it's just it's the first
time where every level of the stack
>> that I look at at least the most
important competitors are public and
private,
>> you know. So Nvidia they're they're very
important you know private competitors
you know Broadcom important private
competitors Marll important private
competitors you know luminum coherent
all these companies um you know there's
even like a wave of innovation in memory
which is really exciting to see because
memory and is such a gating factor by
the way something that could slow all
this down and be a natural governor is
if we get our first true DRAM cycle
since the late
>> 90s say more what that means
>> you know if like a DRAM wafer is like
valued at like a 5 karat a diamond in
the '90s when you had these true
capacity cycles before Taiwan semi kind
of smoothed everything out and DRAM
became more of an oligopoly. You know,
you would have these crazy shortages
where the price would just go 10x things
that are unimaginable
>> relative to the last 25 years where like
a giant DRAM cycle, a good DRM cycle is
the price start stops going down. An
epic cycle is maybe it goes up, you
know, whatever it is 30 40 50%. But I
mean, if it starts to go up by X's
instead of percentages, that's a whole
different game. By the way, we should
talk about SAS.
>> Yeah, let's talk about it. What do you
think's going to happen?
>> Application SAS companies are making the
exact same mistake that brick-andmortar
retailers did with e-commerce.
>> So, brick and mortar retailers um you
know, particularly after the um you
know, the the telecom bubble crashed,
you know, they looked at Amazon and they
said, "Oh, it's losing money. You know,
e-commerce is going to be a low margin
business." you know, how how can just,
you know, from first principles, how can
it ever be more efficient as a business?
Right now, our customers pay to
transport themselves to the store and
then they pay to transport the goods
home. How could it ever be more
efficient if we're, you know, sending
shipments out, you know, to individual
customers, you know, and Amazon's
vision, of course, well, eventually
we're just going to go down a street and
drop off a package at every house. And
so, they did not invest in e-commerce.
They they clearly saw customer demand
for it, but they did not like the margin
structure of e-commerce. That is the
fundamental reason that essentially
every brick brick-and-mortar retailer
was really slow to invest in e-commerce.
And now here we are and you know Amazon
has higher margins in their North
American retail business than a lot of
retailers that are mass market retailers
you know so margins can change and if
there's a fundamental transformative
kind of um new new technology that
customers are demanding it's always a
mistake not to embrace it
>> and that's exactly what the SAS
companies are doing they have their 70
80 90% gross margins and they are
reluctant to accept AI gross margins you
know the very nature of AI is you know
software you write it once and it's
written very efficiently and then you
can distribute it broadly at very low
cost and that's why it was a great
business AI is the exact opposite where
you have to recomputee the answer every
time and so you know a good AI company
might have gross margins of 40%.
Now, the crazy thing is because of those
efficiency gains, they're generating
cash way earlier than other people, you
know, than other than SAS companies did
historically, but they're generating
cash earlier, not because they have high
gross margins, but because they have
very few human employees. And it's just
tragic to watch all of these companies
like you want to have an agent, it's
never going to succeed if you're not
willing to run it at a sub 35% gross
margin
>> because that's what the AI natives are
running it at. Yeah,
>> maybe they're running it at 40. So if
you are trying to preserve an 80% gross
margin structure, you are guaranteeing
that you will not succeed at AI.
>> Absolute guarantee. And this is so crazy
to me because one, we have an existence
proof for software investors being
willing to tolerate gross margin
pressure as long as gross profit dollars
are okay. And it's called the cloud.
People don't remember but you know when
Adobe converted from on premise to uh
the CL you know to a SAS model not only
did their margins implode their actually
revenues imploded too because you went
from charging up front you know to
charging over a period of years.
Microsoft, it was less dramatic, but you
know, Microsoft was a tough stock in the
early, you know, in the early days of
the cloud transition because investors
were like, "Oh my god, you're an 80%
gross margin business." And the cloud is
the 50s and they're like, "Well, it's
going to be gross profit dollar
creative. It probably will improve those
margins over time." Microsoft, they
bought GitHub and they use GitHub has a
distribution channel for, you know, uh,
or Copilot. co-pilot for coding that's
become a giant business a giant business
now for sure it runs at much lower gross
margins but there are so many SAS
companies like I can't think of a single
application SAS company that could not
be running a successful agent strategy
they have a giant advantage over these
AI natives and that they have a cash
generative business
>> like and I think there is room for
someone to be a new kind of activist or
constructive ist and just go to SAS
companies and say stop being so dumb.
>> All you have to do is say here are my AI
revenues
>> and here are my AI gross margins and you
know it's real AI because it's low gross
margins. I'm going to show you that and
here's a venture competitor over here
that's losing a lot of money. So maybe
I'll actually take my gross margins to
zero for a while but I have this
business that the venturef funed company
doesn't have. And this is just such a
like obvious playbook that you can run
Salesforce, Service Now, HubSpot,
GitLab, Atlassian,
all of them could run this. And the way
that those companies could or should
think about the way to use agents is
just to ask the question, okay, what are
the core functions we do for the
customer now? Like how can we further
automate that with agents effectively?
Or is it some other
>> 100% just like if you're in CRM? Well,
what our customers do, they talk to talk
to their customers. Yeah,
>> we're customer relationship management
software and we do some customer
support, too.
>> So, make an agent that can do that,
right?
>> And sell that,
>> right,
>> at 10 to 20% and let that agent access
all the data you have,
>> right?
>> Cuz what's happening right now is
another agent,
>> another agent
>> made by someone else is accessing your
systems
>> to do this job,
>> pulling the data into their system,
>> and then you will eventually be turned
off. And it's just crazy. And it's just
because, oh wow, but we want to preserve
our 80% gross margins. This is a life
ordeath decision. And essentially
everyone except Microsoft
is failing it. To quote that memo from
that um Noia guy long ago, like their
their platforms are burning.
>> Burning platform. Yeah.
>> Yeah. There's a really nice platform
right over there and you can just hop to
it and then you can put out the fire in
your platform that's on fire. And now
you GOT TWO PLATFORMS AND IT'S GREAT.
You [laughter] know,
>> your data centers and space thing makes
me wonder if there are other kind of
like less discussed off-the-wall things
that you're thinking about in in the
markets in general that we haven't
talked about. It does feel like since
2020 kicked off and you know 2022
punctured this kind of a series of
rolling bubbles you know so in 2020 you
know there was a bubble in like EV
startup EVs company startup EVs that
were not Tesla and that's for sure a
bubble and they all went down you know
99%. And there was kind of a bubble in,
you know, more speculative stocks. Uh,
you know, then we had the meme stocks,
you know, GameStop. And now it feels
like the rolling bubble is in nuclear
and quantum.
>> And these are, you know, fusion and SMR.
Like it's it would be a, you know, it's
it would be a transformative technology.
It's amazing. But sadly from my
perspective, none of the public ways you
can invest in this are really good
expressions of this theme are likely to
succeed or have any real fundamental
support. And same thing with quantum
like we I've I've been looking at
quantum for 10 years. We have a really
good understanding of quantum and the
public quantum companies again are not
the leaders. You know, from my
perspective, the leaders in quantum
would be Google, IBM, and then the
Honeywell Quantum, you know. So the
public ways you can invest in this theme
which probably is exciting are not the
best. So you have two really clear
bubbles. I also think quantum supremacy
is very misunderstood. People hear it
and I think that mean it means that
quantum computers are going to be better
than classical computers at everything.
With quantum you you can do you can do
some calculations that classical
computers cannot do.
>> That's it. That's going to be really
useful and exciting and awesome. But it
doesn't mean that quantum takes over the
world. The thought that I have had, this
is maybe less related
to markets than just AI. I have just
been fascinated that for the last two
years, whatever AI needs
>> to keep growing and advancing, it gets.
Have you ever seen public opinion change
so fast in the United States on any
issue has nuclear power?
>> Just happened like that.
>> Like that.
And like why did that happen like right
when AI needed it to happen? Now we're
running up on boundaries of power on
earth. you know, all of a sudden data
centers in space,
>> you know, just it's just a little
strange to me that whenever there is
something
>> a bottleneck
>> that a bottleneck that might slow it
down,
everything accelerates, you know, like
Reuben is going to be such an easy,
seamless transition relative to
Blackwell and Reuben's a great chip and
then you you know, you have MI, you
know, AMD getting into the game with the
MI450. Like it's just whatever AI needs,
it gets.
>> You're a deep reader of sci-fi, so uh
Yeah, exactly. You're making me think of
of Kevin Kelly's great, uh book, What
Technology Wants. He calls it the
technium, like the like the overall mass
of technology that just like is supplied
by humans.
>> Absolutely.
>> To grow more powerful.
>> Yes. It just wants to grow more and more
powerful. And now we're going into an
instate.
>> I have a selfish closing question.
Speaking of speaking of uh young people,
so my kids who are 12 and 10, but
especially my son who's older is
developing an interest in what I do,
which I think is quite natural. And I'm
going to try to start asking my friends
who are the most passionate about
entrepreneurship and investing why they
are so passionate about it and what
about it is so interesting and
life-giving to them. How would you pitch
what you've done, the career you built,
the this part of the world to a young
person that's interested in this?
>> I do believe at some level kind of
investing is the search for truth. And
if you find truth first,
and you're right about it being a truth,
that's how you generate alpha. And it
has to be a truth that other people
don't have have not yet seen. You're
searching for hidden truths. Earliest
thing I can remember is being interested
in history. You know, looking at books
with pictures of the Phoenetians and the
Egyptians and the Greeks and the Romans
and pyramids. I loved history.
>> I vividly remember like in the I think
in the second grade as my dad drove me
to school every day, he would we'd go we
went through the whole history of World
War II in one year and I loved that. And
then that translated into a real
interest in current events very early.
So, like as a pretty young person, you
know, I don't know if it was eighth
grade or seventh grade or ninth grade,
like I was reading the New York Times
and the Washington Post and I would get
so excited when the mail came because it
meant that maybe there was an economist
or a Newsweek or a Time or US News and I
was really into current events, you
know, because current events is kind of
like applied history and watching
history happen and like [snorts]
thinking about what might happen next.
And you know, I didn't know anything
about investing. My parents were both
attorneys. Like I was anytime I won an
argument, I was super rewarded.
>> Like, you know, if I could make a
reasonable argument why I should stay up
late, my parents would be so proud and
they'd let me stay up late, but I had to
beat them, you know, like I was just
kind of going through life and, you
know, I really love to ski and I love
rock climbing and I go to college and
rock climbing is, you know, by far the
most important thing in my life. I
dedicated myself to it completely. I did
all my homework at the gym. I got to the
rock climbing gym like at 7 am would,
you know, skip a lot of classes to stay
in the gym. I'd do my homework on like a
big bouldering mat.
>> Like every weekend I went and climbed
somewhere with the Dartmouth
Mountaineering Club. And as part of
that, like on climbing trips,
>> you know, maybe we'd play poker. The
movie came out while I was in college.
We started playing poker. I like to play
chess. Um, and I was never that good at
chess or poker. You never really
dedicated myself to either. And my plan
like you know after two or three years
of college was I was going to leave. I
was going to work as a I I was a ski
bomb at Alta in college. I I was a
housekeeper. I've cleaned a lot of
toilets. Um it is it was shocking to me
how people treated me and it is like
permanently impacted how I treat other
people. You know
>> like I want you know like you'd be
cleaning somebody's room and they'd be
in it and they'd be reading the same
book as you and like you know you'd say
oh that's a great book. you know, I'm
about where you are and a they look at
you like you're a space alien, like you
speak
>> and then they get even more shocked. You
read, [laughter] you know, so it like
had a big impact on how I've like just
treated everyone since then. But
anyways, I was going to be a ski bum in
the winters. Um, I was going to work on
a river in the in the summers and that
was how I was going to support myself.
And then I was going to climb in the
shoulder seasons, going to try and be a
wildlife photographer and write the next
great American novel. I can't believe I
never knew this.
>> That was my plan. This was like my plan
of record. I was really lucky. My
parents very supportive of everything I
wanted to do. My parents had very strict
parents, so of course they're extremely
permissive with me. So, you know, I'll
probably end up being a strict parent.
Just the cycle continues.
>> My parents were lawyers. You know, they
they they had done reasonably well. Um
they both grew up in in um I would say
very economically disadvantaged
circumstances. You know, like my dad
talks about like he remembers every
person who bought him a beer
>> just because he could not he couldn't
afford a beer. You know, he worked the
whole way through college. He was there
on a scholarship. You know, he had one
pair of shoes all through high school.
But anyways, and so they were super on
board with this plan and I'd been very
lucky. They sent me to college and I
didn't have to pay pay for college. They
paid for my college education. They
said, "You know, Gavin, we think this
plan of being, you know, ski bum, river
rafting guide, wildlife photographer,
climbing the shoulder seasons, tried to
write a novel. We think it sounds like a
great plan, but you know, we've never
asked you for anything. We've haven't
encouraged you to study anything. We've
supported you in everything you've
wanted to do. Will you please get one
professional internship, just one, and
we don't care what it is."
>> The only internship I could get, this
was at the end of my sophomore summer at
Dartmouth, was an internship with
Donaldson Lufkin Engineer. Um, DJ, my
job was to every time DJ published a
research report, it was in like the
private wealth management division and I
worked for the guy who ran the office
and my job was whenever they produced a
piece of research, I would go through
and look at which of his clients owned
that stock.
Then I would put the research I would
mail it to the clients, you know. So
this day we wrote on General Electric.
So, I need to mail the GE report to
these 30 people
>> and then I need to, you know, email the
Cisco report to these 20 people. And
then I started like reading the reports
and I was like, "Oh my god, this is like
the most interesting thing imaginable."
Investing. I kind of conceptualized it.
It's a game of skill and chance, kind of
like something like poker. Um, and you
know, there's obviously chance in
investing. you know, like if you're an
investor in a company and a meteor hits
their headquarters, like that's that's
bad luck, but like you own that outcome.
Um, so there is chance um that is
irreducible, but there's skill, too. So
that really appealed to me. And the way
you got an edge in this the greatest
game of skill and chance imaginable was
you had the most thorough knowledge
possible of history. And you intersected
that with the most accurate
understanding of current events in the
world
>> to form a differential opinion on what
was going to happen next in this game of
skill and chance. Which stock is
mispriced in the Perry Mutual system?
>> That is the stock market. And that was
like day three. I went to the bookstore
and I bought like the books that they
had which were Peter Lynch's books. I
read those books in like two days. I'm
I'm a very fast reader. And then I read
all these Warren books, books about
Warren Buffett. Then I read Market
Wizards. Then I read Warren Buffett's
letters to his shareholders. This is
like during my internship. Then I read
Warren Buffett's letters to his
shareholders again. Then I taught myself
accounting. There's this great book, Why
Stocks Go Up and Down. Then I went back
to school. I changed my majors from
English and history to history and
economics. And I never looked back. And
it consumed like I continued to really
focus on climbing. I would be in the gym
and I would print out everything that
the um people on the mly fool wrote.
they had these fools and and you know
they they were they were early to
talking about return on invested capital
and in incremental ROIC is like a really
important indicator and I would just
read it and I would underline it and I'd
read books and then I'd read the Wall
Street Journal and then eventually there
was a computer terminal finally set up
near the gym and I'd go to that gym and
just you know read news about stocks and
it was the most important thing in my
life and like I barely kept my grades up
and yeah that's how I got into it man
history current events skill and dance
and I am a competitive person and I've
actually never been good at anything
else. Okay, I got picked last for every
sports team. Like I love to ski. I've
literally spent a small fortune on
private skiing lessons. I'm not that
good of a skier. I like to play
pingpong. All my friends could beat me.
[laughter] Um I tried to get really good
at chess and this was before the you
know when you you actually had to play
the games. It was before it was easy to
do it on the phone. And my goal was to
beat one of the people. I'm sure there's
a park somewhere.
>> It's literally right there. Famous one
is right there.
>> Okay. Well, there's one in Cambridge.
And I wanted to beat one of them. Never
beat one of them. Never been good at
anything. I thought I would be good at
this.
>> And the idea of being good at something
other than taking a test
that was competitive was very appealing
to me.
>> And so I think that's been a really
important thing, too. And to this day,
this is the only thing I've been vaguely
competitive at. I'd love to be good at
something else. I'm just not, [laughter]
you know.
>> I think I'm going to start asking this
question of everybody. Uh, the ongoing
education of Pearson May, amazing place
to close. [music] I love talking about
everything so much.
>> This is great, man. Thank you. Thank
you. Thank you.